docs/Appendix/01-Organization-Information/Append-Organization.md, before:

---
title: Appendix - Extra Team Organization Information
---

## Roles & Responsibilities

_Table 1: Project Roles and Duties_

| **Name** | **Role**          | **Duties**                                                                                                                                |
| :------- | :---------------- | :---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Michael | Meeting leader    | Schedules team meetings, creates and distributes an agenda for each meeting, and runs each meeting                                        |
| Roshan | Meeting recorder  | Takes minutes of each team meeting, including attendance, and records action items and to whom they are assigned                          |
| Hafsa | Assignment leader | Coordinates the team's work on a given assignment on Canvas before the due date                                                           |
| | Project monitor (Software) | Tracks the team's progress on software-related tasks relative to the project schedule (Gantt chart) and keeps team members apprised of deadlines and project status |
| | Project monitor (Hardware) | Tracks the team's progress on hardware-related tasks relative to the project schedule (Gantt chart) and keeps team members apprised of deadlines and project status |

## Communication Channels

### Team Communication Method
As a team, we have decided the primary method of communication is through Discord.

*Table 2: Team Members' Preferred Communication Modes*

| **Name** | **First Choice Communication** | **Second Choice Communication** | **Third Choice Communication** |
| :------- | :----------------------------- | :------------------------------ | :----------------------------- |
| Michael |   Discord                             |    Email                            |   In-person                             |
| Hafsa | Discord | Email | In-person |
| Roshan |                                |                                 |                                |
| Dylan |                                |                                 |                                |
| Quinn |                                |                                 |                                |

### Communication Procedures

Discord was agreed upon as the primary method of communication outside of class. It is expected that a response from at least one group member will be received throughout the day. The primary procedure if a team member is dissatisfied with the team is to bring the issue within the team first, and if nothing changes, then to direct communication with the course instructor to resolve the issue.

 

### Meeting Schedule and Coordination

Team 304 will meet accordingly, using Discord chat and virtual group calls as needed. The meeting will be scheduled ahead of time in person and listed on the Discord chat to keep everyone accomadated and up to speed. As a group, we understand the flexibility of schedule needed for this course, so changes are to be regular and the group will understand and accept changes as long as one gets the required ask of the group completed. As for accountability, all members will agree upon their role and task before the beginning of the project and be responsible necessary work.


### Team Coordination & Accountability
All assignments can be submitted by anyone based on availability. To ensure each team member has the knowledge and skills required for a task we will regularly communicate and understand strengths and weakness, it is imperative that we, as students, stay ready to learn and embrace challenges. For a missed contribution, the team must notify ahead of time, but in the case of a missed assignment or task, the issue will be brought to the professor ASAP to see the next steps. Consequences of underperformance will be reflected on both individual and team grades, so as a member of team 30,4, please hold yourself accountable for your portion and the team.


#### Conflict Recognition & Resolution
In the case of conflict, the attention is brought up within the team and will be an internal issue. However, if not resolved within a couple of days before the deadline, then the matter will be immediately brought to the instructor for the next steps. If recurring and ignored, then the matter will be brought to the instructor to drop the troubled member.

Commit message:

Clarify roles and responsibilities in documentation
Added note about flexibility in roles and responsibilities.

docs/Appendix/01-Organization-Information/Append-Organization.md, after:

---
title: Appendix - Extra Team Organization Information
---

## Roles & Responsibilities
*Please note that all roles and responsibilities can be mixed among the members. Although it is the person listed below to take care of their personal role, they are not limited to just that role; they can help in other areas as needed.*

_Table 1: Project Roles and Duties_

| **Name** | **Role**          | **Duties**                                                                                                                                |
| :------- | :---------------- | :---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Michael | Meeting leader    | Schedules team meetings, creates and distributes an agenda for each meeting, and runs each meeting                                        |
| Roshan | Meeting recorder  | Takes minutes of each team meeting, including attendance, and records action items and to whom they are assigned                          |
| Hafsa | Assignment leader | Coordinates the team's work on a given assignment on Canvas before the due date                                                           |
| | Project monitor (Software) | Tracks the team's progress on software-related tasks relative to the project schedule (Gantt chart) and keeps team members apprised of deadlines and project status |
| | Project monitor (Hardware) | Tracks the team's progress on hardware-related tasks relative to the project schedule (Gantt chart) and keeps team members apprised of deadlines and project status |

## Communication Channels

### Team Communication Method
As a team, we have decided the primary method of communication is through Discord.

*Table 2: Team Members' Preferred Communication Modes*

| **Name** | **First Choice Communication** | **Second Choice Communication** | **Third Choice Communication** |
| :------- | :----------------------------- | :------------------------------ | :----------------------------- |
| Michael |   Discord                             |    Email                            |   In-person                             |
| Hafsa | Discord | Email | In-person |
| Roshan |                                |                                 |                                |
| Dylan |                                |                                 |                                |
| Quinn |                                |                                 |                                |

### Communication Procedures

Discord was agreed upon as the primary method of communication outside of class. It is expected that a response from at least one group member will be received throughout the day. The primary procedure if a team member is dissatisfied with the team is to bring the issue within the team first, and if nothing changes, then to direct communication with the course instructor to resolve the issue.

 

### Meeting Schedule and Coordination

Team 304 will meet accordingly, using Discord chat and virtual group calls as needed. The meeting will be scheduled ahead of time in person and listed on the Discord chat to keep everyone accomadated and up to speed. As a group, we understand the flexibility of schedule needed for this course, so changes are to be regular and the group will understand and accept changes as long as one gets the required ask of the group completed. As for accountability, all members will agree upon their role and task before the beginning of the project and be responsible necessary work.


### Team Coordination & Accountability
All assignments can be submitted by anyone based on availability. To ensure each team member has the knowledge and skills required for a task we will regularly communicate and understand strengths and weakness, it is imperative that we, as students, stay ready to learn and embrace challenges. For a missed contribution, the team must notify ahead of time, but in the case of a missed assignment or task, the issue will be brought to the professor ASAP to see the next steps. Consequences of underperformance will be reflected on both individual and team grades, so as a member of team 30,4, please hold yourself accountable for your portion and the team.


#### Conflict Recognition & Resolution
In the case of conflict, the attention is brought up within the team and will be an internal issue. However, if not resolved within a couple of days before the deadline, then the matter will be immediately brought to the instructor for the next steps. If recurring and ignored, then the matter will be brought to the instructor to drop the troubled member.
